chore(docs): improve user-groups page (#674)
openfga/openfga.dev: docs/content/modeling/user-groups.mdx

<DocumentationNotice />

> This guide explains how to add users to groups and grant groups access to an <ProductConcept section="what-is-an-object" linkName="object" /> using <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ProductLink}/>.

Reviewer: Try not to start guides with an intro like this, it's not really necessary. You can jump right in with, 
To add users...

```suggestion
To add users to groups and grant groups access to an <ProductConcept section="what-is-an-object" linkName="object" /> using <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ProductLink}/>.
```

<CardBox title="When to use" appearance="filled">

Relationship tuples can specify that an entire group has a relation to an object, which is helpful when you want to encompass a set of users with the same relation to an object. For example:

> - Grant a group of `engineers` `viewer` access to `roadmap.doc`

Reviewer: Nit: Reordering a bit so that we don't have back-to-back code callouts 
```suggestion
- Grant `viewer` access to a group a group of `engineers` in `roadmap.doc`
```

### <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/> Concepts

- A <ProductConcept section="what-is-a-type" linkName="Type" />: a class of objects that have similar characteristics.
- A <ProductConcept section="what-is-a-user" linkName="User" />: an entity in the system that can be related to an object.
- A <ProductConcept section="what-is-a-relation" linkName="Relation" />: a string defined in the type definition of an authorization model that defines the possibility of a relationship between an object of the same type as the type definition and a user in the system.
- An <ProductConcept section="what-is-an-object" linkName="Object" />: represents an entity in the system. Users' relationships to it can be defined with relationship tuples and the authorization model.
- A <ProductConcept section="what-is-a-relationship-tuple" linkName="Relationship Tuple" />: a grouping consisting of a user, a relation and an object stored in <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>.

</details>

<Playground />

## Step By Step

> You will encounter use cases where a group of users have a certain role on or permission to an object. For example, `members` of a certain `team` could have an `editor` relation to a certain `document`.

Reviewer: Tense

```suggestion
There are possible use cases where a group of users have a certain role on or permission to an object. For example, `members` of a certain `team` could have an `editor` relation to a certain `document`.
```

> To represent this in <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>, we need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To represent this in <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>:
```

> 1. Introduce the concept of a `team` to the authorization model.

Reviewer: Just a thought -- but if each of these steps refers to a subheading below, should we link to them directly from this list?

Reviewer 2: Makes sense -  we wanted to do that when we first wrote this but having the whole sentence be a link is not great. But there's not harm in adding a [→](...) at the end of each point

Reviewer 3: Pushed changes to add section links using arrows as suggested.

2. Add users as `members` to the `team`.
3. Assign the `team` members a relation to an object.

> 4. Checking an individual member's access to the object.

Reviewer: Keeping verb tense in parallel with the other steps.

```suggestion
4. Check an individual member's access to the object.
```

> ### 01. Introduce The Concept Of A Team To The Authorization Model

Reviewer: Sentence case for headers.

```suggestion
### 01. Introduce the concept of a team to the authorization model
```

> First, define the _<ProductConcept section="what-is-an-object" linkName="object" />_ `team` in your authorization model. In this use case, a `team` can have `member`s, so you make the following changes to our authorization model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, define the _<ProductConcept section="what-is-an-object" linkName="object" />_ `team` in your authorization model. In this use case, a `team` can have `member`s, so you make the following changes to the authorization model:
```
can we reformat `member`s? seems a little wonky with the code font

> ### 02. Add Users As Members To The Team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 02. Add users as members to the team
```

> ### 03. Assign The Team Members A Relation To An Object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 03. Assign the team members a relation to an object
```

  ]}
/>

> ### 04. Check An Individual Member's Access To An Object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 04. Check an individual member's access to an object
```

Now that you have:

> - a relationship tuple indicating that `alice` is an `member` of `team:writers`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a relationship tuple indicating that `alice` is a `member` of `team:writers`
```

> - a relationship tuple indicating that `members` of `team:writers` are editors of `document:meeting_notes.doc`

Reviewer: `members` everywhere else is styled as `member`s -- i prefer the former, but remain consistent throughout.

The \*<ProductConcept section="what-is-a-check-request" linkName="check" />\ `is alice an editor of document:meeting_notes.doc` returns the following:

<CheckRequestViewer user={'user:alice'} relation={'editor'} object={'document:meeting_notes.doc'} allowed={true} />

The chain of resolution is:

- `alice` is `member` of `team:writers`
- `member`s of `team:writers` are `editor`s of `document:meeting_notes`  
- therefore, `alice` is `editor` of `document:meeting_notes`

:::caution

> **Note:** When creating relationship tuples for <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>,  use unique ids for each object and user in your application domain. This example uses first names and simple ids as an easy-to-follow example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** When creating relationship tuples for <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>,  use unique ids for each object and user in your application domain. This example uses first names and simple ids as a suggested example.
```

I think we usually try to shy away from implied ease of use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** When creating relationship tuples for <ProductName format={ProductNameFormat.ShortForm}/>,  use unique ids for each object and user in your application domain. This example uses names to make it simpler to follow.
```

Not a big fan of the repeated `example`. Also we're not suggesting they use this, in fact we're strongly suggesting they don't :)

:::

## Related Sections

<RelatedSection

>   description="Check the following sections for more on user groups."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description="Check the following sections for more information on user groups."
```
